OSSM-8769 [DOCS] 3.0 Known Issues (#89273)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-release-notes-3-0-known-issues.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * service-mesh-docs-main/ossm-release-notes-assembly.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="ossm-release-3-0-known-issues_{context}"]
= {SMProductName} 3.0 known issues

> * link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OSSM-8769[OSSM-8769] There is currently a known issue where {ocp-product-title} builder pods fail to create in namespaces with injection enabled.

Reviewer: OSSM-8769 is the Jira ticket to create this documentation, we should put here the link and Kira ticket regarding the issue that is being mentioned

Reviewer: I can't find any Jira ticket with this information. Do you have the ticket?

Author: Hey @fjglira! I am working only on the known issues part. The rest of the release notes is being handled by Gwynne.
Here's some formatting you will see for release notes, where the reviews are ongoing: https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OSSM-8765

> * link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OSSM-8769[OSSM-8769] There is currently a known issue where {ocp-product-title} builder pods fail to create in namespaces with injection enabled.

Author: Ah. My bad! Looks like added the known issue tracker jira here 🙈

> * link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OSSM-8878[OSSM-8878] There is currently a known issue where {ocp-product-title} builder pods fail to create in namespaces with injection enabled.
> +
> Workaround: Add injection labels to workloads instead of the namespace when creating `BuildConfigs`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OSSM-8878[OSSM-8878] In {SMProductName} 3.0, {ocp-product-title} builder pods fail to create in namespaces with injection enabled. As a workaround, add injection labels to workloads instead of the namespace when creating the  `BuildConfigs` resource. 
```

- So far I have seen the above suggested format for known issues. If `workaround:` is something that's been used consistently in service mesh known issues, then you might want to keep that.
- `link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OSSM-8878[OSSM-8878] issue description..` also seems like a consistent format. If not, you can add "For more information, see <known_issue_link>" in the end of para.
